Merge and Simplify Scripts (MASS)
===============================

Inspired by SASS, the goal is to build an automated tool system for
managing javascript files in a project.

### Goals

* easy method to combine multiple files into single asset request
* automated minification/optimization
* extending javascript to allow import other scripts

##Requirements

* Mac OS X (currently using fsevents to track file changes.  will later add support for Linux and Windows)

### Python Packages Used
* jsmin (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/jsmin)
* macfsevents (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/MacFSEvents/0.2.1)
* virtualenv (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv)
* argparse (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/argparse)

##Installation

To install MASS, clone the repo and install using setup.py:

    python setup.py install

MASS comes with the necessary python packages via virutalenv by default.
Before starting MASS, navigate to the repository and start the virutal
environment.  

If the virtual environment is not started, python packages must be installed to
the local python environment using pip.

    cd path/to/MASS
    source env/bin/activate

## Source Files

Source files use the extension '.xjs', which tentatively signifies extended
javascript.  These files are used to define javascript files which will be
included in a "compiled" version that is output by MASS. 

### Including Files

Inside 'extended' javascript files, you can import other scripts.  All
javascript files listed in the source file will be combined, minified and
output to a javascript file with the same name as the original xjs file. Paths
to imported javascript files should be relative to the directory of the xjs
file they are imported into.

The example below specifies two javascript files and will be output to the file
foo.min.js:

    # foo.xjs
    #!import 'foo.js'
    #!@import 'plugins/jquery.jnotify.js'

Require commands can be used to ensure that a file has been already been
imported, and will import the script if they have not.  

    # foo.xjs
    #!import 'foo.js'
    #!import 'bar.js'

    # foo.js
    #!require 'bar.js' 

In the above example, bar.js will not be re-imported since foo.xjs has already
imported it.

MASS also supports 'inline' javascript

    # bar.js
    #!import 'foo.js'

    # now some javascript 
    $(document).ready(function(){
        // jquery is ready
    });

    # another import!
    #!import 'plugins/jquery.jnotify.js'

## CLI Arguments

###Defining Destination Directory

By default, MASS saves the compiled js files in the same directory as the
source files.  The -d argument can be used to specify a different output
directory.
    
    mass watch -d path/to/output

###Defining Source Directory

If a source directory is not specified, MASS uses the current directory by
default.  The -s argument can be used to specify the directory for MASS to
discover files.

    mass watch -s path/to/source -d path/to/output
